QGIS Web Client 2 Components
============================

QGIS Web Client 2 (QWC2) is a modular next generation responsive web client for QGIS Server, built with ReactJS and OpenLayers.

This repository contains the common QWC2 application components from which you can build your own personal QWC2 application.

See:
* [qwc2-demo-app](https://github.com/qgis/qwc2-demo-app) for an example application built on top of the QWC2 components.
* [qwc-docker](https://github.com/qwc-services/qwc-docker) for QWC2 extended with microservices.
* [this presentation](https://blog.sourcepole.ch/assets/2019/qwc2-foss4g19.pdf) for an overview and architecture of QWC2.

Please report QWC2 issues at [qwc2-demo-app/issues](https://github.com/qgis/qwc2-demo-app/issues).

Development
-----------

Start by installing the development dependencies:

    yarn install

All the output generated by the commands below is deposited directly
in the root directory of the repository. To clean up the output:

    yarn clean

### Building

We use webpack to build the QWC2 library. Check out its configuration
in `webpack.config.js`.

To build the library in production mode:

    yarn build-prod

To build the library in development mode:

    yarn build-dev

The results are deposited in `dist/` for production
and `dist-dev/` for development.

### Testing

We use Jest to run unit tests. It is configured in `jest.config.js`
and coverage data is collected in `coverage/`.

The tests can be run with:

    yarn test

To run the tests in watch mode:

    yarn test-watch

### Documentation

We use JsDoc to document the QWC2 library. It is configured in `jsdoc.json`
and the resulting documentation is deposited in `documentation/`.

JsDoc documentation can be generated with:

    yarn doc
